AI Usage Journal
Anthony Palma
apalma1@terpmail.umd.edu

Week 1
This week I did not use AI other than for 3 of the prompts on the coding 
exercises. I only use generative AI if I have no other method of getting help. 
This was one of those cases as I knew there were too many questions to get 
the proper help, and it cleared up some syntax problems that had me 
stumped.

Week 2
The AI usage definitely increased. It became a crutch for nailing the syntax
and format on the more complex loops that we had to do. Part of my usage
was also to conserve time, as I am on a time crunch at the moment.

Week 3
My AI usage has changed week to week. This week I was able to keep 
all of the code human-written, with one exception. However, my AI usage 
increased, this time more as a teacher. It was answering questions about 
why my code wasn't  working so I could adjust accordingly. It only wrote one 
of the prompts forme, with me rewriting it in a way that reflected my coding 
style after I took the time to understand what it wrote for me.

Week 4

Much of the same. I need slightly more help with direction from AI this week.

Week 5

The questions I've been asking Gemini have been getting more complex, and I'm 
beginning to find the limits of its problem-solving abilities. Gemini wound up 
being the cause of one of my functions not working, and it took me messing 
around with it to get it to output properly.

Week 6

This week got much harder. I had to rely on Gemini to make sure my functions 
worked and explain the errors/possible issues my code had. Gemini wrote some
test cases for those, but I gave up on that due to how complicated the 
classes were getting. The fact that the questions made very little sense and
seemed to be up to our own interpretation did not help. I hope I answered them
properly, but I have no idea. If you're seeing this, please alert whoever writes
the questions that what we're being asked to code is getting increasingly non-
sensical. Please clarify exactly what you want the code to do. Having
pre-made test cases made the objective of the code much clearer.
